Mention that WebRTC stats should not leak whether mDNS resolution failed or succeeded (#126)
rtcweb-wg/mdns-ice-candidates: draft-ietf-rtcweb-mdns-ice-candidates.md

application MUST NOT contain the IP address of a local or remote mDNS
candidate; the mDNS name SHOULD be used instead.

Statistics SHOULD NOT leak whether the mDNS resolution succeeds or fails.
For that reason, RTCIceCandidateStats objects as defined in {{WebRTCStats}}
SHOULD be generated for any remote mDNS candidate submitted to the ICE agent,
even if the mDNS candidate is ignored as part of {{processing}}.

> An implementation strategy to ignore candidates is to replace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation strategy to obfuscate the address of an mDNS candidate in the statistics, regardless if it is resolved or not, is to replace
```

> the mDNS hostname of the ICE candidate with IP values "0.0.0.0"/"::".

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
the mDNS hostname of the ICE candidate with IP values "0.0.0.0" or "::".
```

> the mDNS hostname of the ICE candidate with IP values "0.0.0.0" or "::".

Reviewer 2: Not sure I understand this guidance. Wouldn't we just want stats.address to contain the mDNS name?
